welcome to the pse online experience
experience PSE experience performance
that's a really good question because
it's a lot of people think that it's it
is it's a hard process you know there's
a lot of competition for those spots out
there and there's a couple ways you can
do it you start out we have true
regional managers a lot of people will
call them sales reps ours or regional
managers they manage their area of the
country so they have a pro staff that
they go in and you have to contact them
get to know them help them work shows
it's it's work it's and you have to be
extremely knowledgeable and so and you
actually start out small and you work
your way up
after you get you've been successful on
that level you will look at it moving
you up to the next level now as far as
hunting shows and our elite shooting
staff you just got to be the best of the
best I mean we don't have a big staff
out there we talk to our guys too much
to do that you know I'm on the phone all
the time with Mark Drury and Terry jury
and and Jay Gregory and the Parkers and
and also our tournament shooters you
know Nathan Brooks and chance and all
those guys we talked to them all the
time and you just can't have those kind
of relationships with a lot of people
but the the value of that is we pick the
very best and then there's a back and
forth connection between us and we're
talking about how we can be better as a
company how we can be better for the
tournament shooter how we can be better
for the for the hunter